so welcome because I am from too
home here, I can better understand I
am looking for help to mine
Mother in law traveled and shows
us today how to make a great one
bäumchen chain tinkering similar to the
chickens chain yes what has been looked at
is that now that has me back then
lookouts things first time
cut here watching done ten
Just ten centimeters of its chaos
cut and you need two pieces each
flowering and I think we do for his
row in between pushed this
is a chicken tipped from brigitte and
there's up to it namely a hair and
I wanted to show that cool me
he has such a kind of new came it is yes
not the salaried in any case
slightly modified so we do that
colorful necklace you have this now
Share the beautiful side is always right
and I'm just always right on
right together and you have a piece
release to the ring apply exactly so
all right to right one piece one
let wende opening and then we see
us again
as you see, let me take you today
The quietest machine I have ever seen
have
heard
the apple stay cut off
and that's left open
now we have to turn that around
and take a pencil or a
brush to help everything ready the corners
nice out those are the opening to
it does not really take or fall
to be sewn
You can iron it now or you have to
the time appeared with text
Now we'll put that together soon
the cock
but the medium fixes so we know
where exactly the middle is back from here
so halves third and far away so
About the middle and that was the
center
now we go back to here
down
show it
Ah yes
and now again about an inch
So a third is about that
on Wednesday not slipped
say again if you so that
arrived again to others knew
again high impressions
every house and now the whole day
Now turn over the whole picture text turned upside down
we are so sweet and beautiful
you over it done yes we are the top
Out
fancy
I brought such a beautiful so nice
green leaves kipketer maybe can
but you can do it upstairs if you can
stir that up
then it looks a bit more
after Munich In any case, the
the basic steps all of us
have it now or I just have it now
a very slow da sonja
afterwards all five offer dranhängen of
just made a knot down
Threaded a piece a green piece
dark over it and a pearl
now I will measure myself here
about ten centimeters a knot
make and then comes the next one
and so on and then I'll show you
a perfect finish looks good
Here again depends ours
sweet spring flower necklace so the
is really great, have a good day
quietly have courage to have colorful fabrics
and these leaves if you
So either completely omit looks too
without good or just straight
cut better if you have no chance
have a lot of fun with it